A Few Points about my coding:

I defined about 12 narrow ranges of latitudes in order to have a decent selection of cities across the ranges
so that there is equal representation. I specified a maximum of 200 for the function that returned random
latitude/longitude combinations. 

I noticed that the API call sometimes returned unreasonable values like 319 percent for humidity. Therefore, I 
deleted data where humidity and cloudiness both of which are reported as "percent" when there were values greater
than 100 percent I also specified a maximum of 140 for the "Max Temp". It is reasonable to expect such high temperatures;
for example in India, there are locations where such high values are reported albeit for a duration of a few hours
during summer time.

Conclusions:

1. Maximum temperatures exceeding 90 def F were in areas where the latitudes were in the 20 deg - 30 deg North. This is noticed
surprising given we are in the beginning of summer and the "more Northern" part of the Northern Hemisphere is directly exposed
to the Sun. If I expected to find regions such as where India is located to have such high temperatures and could not find
it is because "summer-like" weather is done there and monsoon has set in now.However, if we were to run this application in 
end of April to mid-May we will likely run into very hight values in the 10 to 20 deg North region. Another thing to keep in mind
is - time zones of these cities are different. It was late night in the "traditionally" hot parts of the world when I ran the 
application. Given this was "current" weather, it is reasonable to not find very high values (exceeding 100 deg F) in the tropical regions.
We would need to examine the cities and their locations to get more meaningful conclusions. Examining the longitudes of the place will
tell us where it was night time.

2. Cloudiness is also "all over the place" even within the same latitude range. This tells us that cloudiness is potentially independent 
of latitude. Weather patterns affecting cloudiness are perhaps as much "east-west" phenomena as they could be "north-south" phenomena.

3. Like, cloudiness, humidity is also "all over the place" even within the same latitude range. Clouds are there because there is humidity.
Therefore, just like for cloudiness, humidity may be related to "longitudes" of locations.

